W-11021541 Adding Alt. Text (#74)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/tokenization.adoc

Making a detokenization call to the tokenization service returns the identity of a tokenized value.

> image::tokenization-flow.png[Flow chart beginning with client information connecting to the API Gateway which has two paths: directly to the Mule App or a two-way connection with the tokenization service.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::tokenization-flow.png[Diagram showing how the client payload interacts with the tokenization policy and service to return a tokenized value to the Mule app.]
```
